# VirtualClassRoom
Virtual classroom with virtual teacher. The student sits in a classroom, in which, in addition to him, there are also other virtual students (optional), and in front of him, at the counter with a computer facing the students, there is a virtual teacher. Near the teacher there is a board on which he shows a presentation with slides. The teacher greets all students and the lecture begins. A course on SQL was chosen as the material for study. Another SQL course may be chosen as the material. This material allows you to maintain constant contact between the teacher and the student. This course was not chosen by chance, since it can be divided into short mini-lectures of 3-4 minutes, after which you can arrange short assignments for the student. In the process of completing the task, social contact is established between the student and the teacher. A full-screen presentation opens in front of the student, in which he becomes familiar with the introductory part of the course (~3-5 minutes) by reading the material presented on the screen. After the introductory part of the course, the student(s) can ask the teacher questions. If the user decides to ask a question, then a menu appears in front of him with a pre-conceived list of questions that can be asked now. The user selects a question using the mouse or keyboard. The teacher answers the question and the user receives the answer at the top of the screen (optionally, the teacher can voice the answer). The introductory part is present only at the very beginning of the first lesson; there will be no more of it. Then mini-lectures on specific topics begin. They also open in full screen, and the user studies them by reading (voiceover is optional). After closing the window with the presentation, the teacher begins to ask pre-conceived questions about the material studied. Questions appear at the top of the user's screen (optionally they can be spoken). If the teacher has chosen our student as the answerer, then a menu with many answers appears on the user’s screen. The user selects an answer using the mouse or keyboard, after which, if the answer is correct, the teacher praises him. If the user answered incorrectly, then the teacher himself gives the correct answer (if there are no other students), or gives the floor to another virtual student. After surveying the students, a mini-task begins on the material covered, in which the user is asked to write the correct query using the learned command or keyword, or take a mini-test on the material covered. If the user completes the task correctly, the teacher praises him. If it is incorrect, the teacher corrects the user and tells him the correct answer. While completing the assignment, the student can also ask the teacher pre-written questions regarding the material covered. Actions of the teacher towards the student:

1. Look at the student;
2. Praise the student (with voiceover);
3. Correct the student in case of an incorrect answer;
